Add docs for updated deletion api (#5763)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/api/_index.md

Prometheus-compatible rules endpoint to list all active alerts.

For more information, please check out the Prometheus [alerts](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/querying/api/#alerts) documentation.

## Compactor

### `GET /compactor/ring`

> Displays a web page with the compactor hash ring status, including the state, healthy and last heartbeat time of each compactor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Displays a web page with the compactor hash ring status, including the state, health, and last heartbeat time of each compactor.
```

### `POST /loki/api/v1/delete`

Create a new delete request. More details can be found in the [logs deletion documentation](../operations/storage/logs-deletion.md#request-log-entry-deletion).

### `GET /loki/api/v1/delete`

> List all existing delete requests. More details can be found in the [logs deletion documentation](../operations/storage/logs-deletion.md#list-delete-requests).

Reviewer 2: The handler for this only lists the deletes for the userID passed in the `X-Scope-OrgID` header. Is that something we should call out in the docs?

Author: Yes, that makes sense. The current text could be read as returning every delete request. It's been updated.

> List the existing delete requests for the authenticated tenant. More details can be found in the [logs deletion documentation](../operations/storage/logs-deletion.md#list-delete-requests).

Reviewer 3: > for the authenticated tenant

All the deletion endpoints perform tenant-specific operations so either we should call it out in all the endpoints or not at all.

Author: It's been added to all delete endpoints.

> List the existing delete requests for the tenant specified in the `x-scope-orgid` header. More details can be found in the [logs deletion documentation](../operations/storage/logs-deletion.md#list-delete-requests).

Reviewer 4: This is a bit more inline with what the docs say for rules. Just noticed that this feels a bit more consistent.

```suggestion
List the existing delete requests for the authenticated tenant. More details can be found in the [logs deletion documentation](../operations/storage/logs-deletion.md#list-delete-requests).
```
